readme.rst, before:

Boehm GC interface library for gcc-Ada (GNAT)
=============================================

What's this?
------------

Ada binding to the Boehm-Demers-Weiser conservative garbage collector.

Prerequisites
-------------

GCC >= 4.7
 https://gcc.gnu.org/
Boehm GC >= 6.8
 http://www.hboehm.info/gc/
headmaster
 http://github.com/ytomino/headmaster

Usage
-----

1. Translate the C headers with headmaster. ::
   
    $ headmaster --to ada -p -D import-dir boehmgc-ada/source/import.h

2. Add the source directories of boehmgc-ada and the translated headers
   to search path for gnatmake. ::
   
    $ gnatmake -Iboehmgc-ada/source -Iimport-dir your_main.adb
   
   Or please write .gpr file for your environment.

Limitations
-----------

Multithreading is unsupported.

License
-------

It is licensed under the New BSD License, see below.
Also, please apply the license of Boehm GC when static linking.

**license of boehmgc-ada** ::

 Copyright 2010-2021 YT. All rights reserved.
 
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 are met:
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR(S) ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR(S) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
 INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
 NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
 DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
 THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
 THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

**license of Boehm GC** ::

 Copyright (c) 1988, 1989 Hans-J. Boehm, Alan J. Demers
 Copyright (c) 1991-1996 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.
 Copyright (c) 1996-1999 by Silicon Graphics.  All rights reserved.
 Copyright (c) 1999-2004 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P.
 
 The file linux_threads.c is also
 Copyright (c) 1998 by Fergus Henderson.  All rights reserved.
 
 The files Makefile.am, and configure.in are
 Copyright (c) 2001 by Red Hat Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 Several files supporting GNU-style builds are copyrighted by the Free
 Software Foundation, and carry a different license from that given
 below.
 
 THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED
 OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
 
 Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program
 for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.
 Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,
 provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was
 modified is included with the above copyright notice.
 
 A few of the files needed to use the GNU-style build procedure come with
 slightly different licenses, though they are all similar in spirit.  A few
 are GPL'ed, but with an exception that should cover all uses in the
 collector.  (If you are concerned about such things, I recommend you look
 at the notice in config.guess or ltmain.sh.)

Commit message:

Write about the pre-translated headers and examples

readme.rst, after:

Boehm GC interface library for gcc-Ada (GNAT)
=============================================

What's this?
------------

Ada binding to the Boehm-Demers-Weiser conservative garbage collector.

Prerequisites
-------------

GCC >= 4.7
 https://gcc.gnu.org/
Boehm GC >= 6.8
 http://www.hboehm.info/gc/
headmaster
 http://github.com/ytomino/headmaster

Usage
-----

1. Prepare the translated headers.

   A. Translate the C headers with headmaster. ::

       $ headmaster --to ada -p -D import-dir boehmgc-ada/source/import.h
      
      However, it may not work well in your environment.
      The plan B is recommended.

   B. Download them from `pre-translated headers page`_.

2. Add the source directories of boehmgc-ada and the translated headers
   to search path for gnatmake. ::

    $ gnatmake -Iboehmgc-ada/source -Iimport-dir your_main.adb
   
   Or please write .gpr file for your environment.

Build examples
--------------

1. Link the translated headers to `examples/import`. ::

    $ mkdir -p examples/import/$(gcc -dumpmachine)
    $ ln -s import-dir examples/import/$(gcc -dumpmachine)
   
   If this step is omitted, headmaster will be used.

2. Build them. ::

    $ make -C examples

Limitations
-----------

Multithreading is unsupported.

License
-------

It is licensed under the New BSD License, see below.
Also, please apply the license of Boehm GC when static linking.

**license of boehmgc-ada** ::

 Copyright 2010-2021 YT. All rights reserved.
 
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 are met:
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR(S) ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR(S) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
 INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
 NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
 DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
 THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
 THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

**license of Boehm GC** ::

 Copyright (c) 1988, 1989 Hans-J. Boehm, Alan J. Demers
 Copyright (c) 1991-1996 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.
 Copyright (c) 1996-1999 by Silicon Graphics.  All rights reserved.
 Copyright (c) 1999-2004 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P.
 
 The file linux_threads.c is also
 Copyright (c) 1998 by Fergus Henderson.  All rights reserved.
 
 The files Makefile.am, and configure.in are
 Copyright (c) 2001 by Red Hat Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 Several files supporting GNU-style builds are copyrighted by the Free
 Software Foundation, and carry a different license from that given
 below.
 
 THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED
 OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
 
 Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program
 for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.
 Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,
 provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was
 modified is included with the above copyright notice.
 
 A few of the files needed to use the GNU-style build procedure come with
 slightly different licenses, though they are all similar in spirit.  A few
 are GPL'ed, but with an exception that should cover all uses in the
 collector.  (If you are concerned about such things, I recommend you look
 at the notice in config.guess or ltmain.sh.)

.. _`pre-translated headers page`: https://github.com/ytomino/boehmgc-ada/wiki/Pre-translated-headers
